_pages/terms/what_tinkerware_covers.md, before:

---
resource: true
categories: [Terms]
title: TinkerWare SLA
---

This TinkerWare Level Agreement (“SLA”) is a policy governing the use of TinkerWare Platform (“TinkerWare”) under the terms of the TinkerWare Customer Agreement (the “TinkerWare Agreement”) between TinkerWare Services (“TinkerWare”, “us” or “we”) and users of TinkerWare services (“you”). This SLA applies separately to each account using TinkerWare . Unless otherwise provided herein, this SLA is subject to the terms of the TinkerWare Agreement and capitalized terms will have the meaning specified in the TinkerWare Agreement. We reserve the right to change the terms of this SLA in accordance with the TinkerWare Agreement.

In this article, we describe more precisely the Tasks of Tinkerware as a Service.
This will help to have a more clear view of what does [TinkerWare support](tinkerware-support.slack.com/signin) covers when using our
Services and what we would expect you to have as main knowledge of some technologies
to really take advantage of our Plattform and keep a smooth ride.

What is TinkerWare?
===
Tinkerware is a service platafform that helps you to automate your  sofware development flow, we use the concepts of code as an infrastructure and disposable infraestructure. We provide a platafform for provisioning virtual machines (Vagrant or Docker) and servers, with a variety of different tools.

What does TinkerWare cover?
===

## Improve your own workflow.

- Access to Automated Tools for your projects. (From our Plattform catalog. E.G. CIs/Frameworks/Databases)
- Automate new Tools for your projects. (View our Pricing page on tinkerware.io)

## Support

- Support fixing issues caused by the Infrastructure and our automations.
  (E.G. Infrastructure packages not being installed \ Server issues)
- Support on best practices to configure your projects with the available tools.
- Support on how to scale or how to use tools the best possible way.

## Consultoring

- For more specialized automation cicles, contact us in: `hello@tinkerware.io`,
  in our support channel: `tinkerware-support.slack.com`
  or to the number: `(+52)492-136-51-90`


What does TinkerWare not cover?
===

- Tutorials on how to use the Framework you selected from our catalog.
- Support fixing issues caused by the Framework or internal issues of the tool

## Service Commitment

Tinkerware will use comercially reasonable efforts to make our platafform available and functional(Check What does Tinkerware cover? and
What does Tinkerware not cover? sections to clarify this) most of the time, or at least 99.95% percent of the monthly time, in other words at least 99.5% of each monthly billing cycle.

## Servers

Tinkerware does not provide a Servers service, nor the specs you need for your project to work, this has to be defined by your team, we don't take responsability for the charges the servers company could charge you. We encourage our users to make a conscious effort to pay just for what they need for their projects regarding storage services.



For new Tools Automation the requester shoud have Knowledge on:
===

- The tool they would like to Automate (E.G. Framework / Task / File Management / Common issues)
  * This is required in case we need some guidance during the automation
  * **TinkerWare** requires a direct contact with a project manager or the tool expert.

- The requester has to be subscribed to our service.


## Extra Recommendations to simplify the experience

##The user should have Basic Knowledge on:

- GitHub & SSH Keys
  * [SSH keys](https://help.github.com/articles/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account/)

Commit message:

Include address and a better description. Trying justified text as well

_pages/terms/what_tinkerware_covers.md, after:

---
resource: true
categories: [Terms]
title: TinkerWare SLA
---

<div style="text-align: justify">
This TinkerWare Level Agreement (“SLA”) is a policy governing the use of TinkerWare Platform (“TinkerWare”) under the terms of the TinkerWare Customer Agreement (the “TinkerWare Agreement”) between TinkerWare Services (“TinkerWare”, “us” or “we”) and users of TinkerWare services (“you”). This SLA applies separately to each account using TinkerWare . Unless otherwise provided herein, this SLA is subject to the terms of the TinkerWare Agreement and capitalized terms will have the meaning specified in the TinkerWare Agreement. We reserve the right to change the terms of this SLA in accordance with the TinkerWare Agreement.

In this article, we describe more precisely the Tasks of Tinkerware as a Service.
This will help to have a more clear view of what does [TinkerWare support](tinkerware-support.slack.com/signin) covers when using our
Services and what we would expect you to have as main knowledge of some technologies
to really take advantage of our Plattform and keep a smooth ride.

What is TinkerWare?
===
Tinkerware is an IT company in charge of a service platafform called MyDevOp, which provides automated tools ready to apply such as Frameworks, Databases, CIs, users management, security among others to create instant local, staging and production environments helping you to automate your sofware development flow making it more efficent. We use the concepts of code as an infrastructure and disposable infraestructure. We provide a platafform to configure instantly virtual machines (Vagrant or Docker) for local environments and connect repositories and the tools provided to different server providers such as Digital Ocean, AWS or even in-hose servers, with a variety of different tools supported by us.

What does TinkerWare cover?
===

## Improve your own workflow.

- Access to Automated Tools for your projects. (From our Plattform catalog. E.G. CIs/Frameworks/Databases)
- Automate new Tools for your projects. (View our Pricing page on tinkerware.io)

## Support

- Support fixing issues caused by the Infrastructure and our automations.
  (E.G. Infrastructure packages not being installed \ Server issues)
- Support on best practices to configure your projects with the available tools.
- Support on how to scale or how to use tools the best possible way.

## Consultoring

- For more specialized automation cicles, contact us in: `hello@tinkerware.io`,
  in our support channel: `tinkerware-support.slack.com`
  or to the number: `(+52)492-136-51-90`


What does TinkerWare not cover?
===

- Tutorials on how to use the Framework you selected from our catalog.
- Support fixing issues caused by the Framework or internal issues of the tool

## Service Commitment

Tinkerware will use comercially reasonable efforts to make our platafform available and functional(Check What does Tinkerware cover? and
What does Tinkerware not cover? sections to clarify this) most of the time, or at least 99.95% percent of the monthly time, in other words at least 99.5% of each monthly billing cycle.

## Servers

Tinkerware does not provide a Servers service, nor the specs you need for your project to work, this has to be defined by your team, we don't take responsability for the charges the servers company could charge you. We encourage our users to make a conscious effort to pay just for what they need for their projects regarding storage services.



For new Tools Automation the requester shoud have Knowledge on:
===

- The tool they would like to Automate (E.G. Framework / Task / File Management / Common issues)
  * This is required in case we need some guidance during the automation
  * **TinkerWare** requires a direct contact with a project manager or the tool expert.

- The requester has to be subscribed to our service.


## Extra Recommendations to simplify the experience

##The user should have Basic Knowledge on:

- GitHub & SSH Keys
  * [SSH keys](https://help.github.com/articles/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account/)

## Headquarters

Tinkerware official address is:
```
  Creston #24
  Col. Cañada de la Bufa
  Guadalupe, Zacatecas, Mexico
  CP. 98619
```
</div>
