_pages/services/services.md, before:

---
resource: true
categories: [Services]
title: TinkerWare Services
---

TinkerWare provides the tools to make software delivery more agile.

Technically, TinkerWare **automates the creation and management of standardized environments** 
to reduce the differences between them and make integrations smoother in
your Software projects. We provide a platform to manage projects and their 
servers configurations easily.

We make this with the following principles:

```
  1. The user should be able to define their own architecture
  2. You should know what you have and where you have it. Infrastructure as code.
  3. Build from scratch is faster and more secure than fixing. Disposable architecture
  4. Time matters. To scale should be painless, Learning curves as small as possible. [KISS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KISS_principle)
  5. Projects should be deployable anytime to anywhere in a working state.
```

With the **subscription** you will get:

  - Access to our **automated tools** ready to apply to any project/server:
    - Databases
    - CIs
    - Frameworks
    - Security
    - Github (Use your existing code in the infrastructure you will create)
    - ... and more...
      We want you to be happy and we can help with your needs. 
  - Access to a **dashboard** to manage these tools and: 
    - **Create and manage projects** with the provided tools: (If you connect your GitHub repository, you sould see it working in a infrastructure ready to use anywhere)
      - A **Development environment** configured and ready to download and use with our [CLI](https://asciinema.org/a/b02jff2p4eoxy4oqnj2wo6qnt). Currently we provide a virtual machine(recommended and supported. If you want containers locally or in production, talk to us).
      - Access to **the deployment room**. A section in our dashboard where, once you managed to see your project working locally, you can replicate it to Staging or Production to any server*.
  - Access to our **support channel** where we're going to help you in case of stuggle. We want to make things as easy as possible. 
  - The possibility to talk to us to automate any tool you don't see there
  - **Early adopters** will get more cool stuff and better pricing if you like us... Hurry up!
      
You can see our list of prices in our [landing page](tinkerware.io) or contact us to hello@tinkerware.io. We currently charge by month, with a free one month trial.


# Disclosure*

## Containers.

TinkerWare doesn't prentend to replace them. We want you to use them easily and faster!
We want you to be able define your own architecture, as well as 
be able to document it in a executable way, scale and replicate your projects easily to a server,
a container, or your own pc. 

## Hosting

TinkerWare won't provide any kind of hosting. 
We have some integrations, though. Currently you can deploy your projects automatically to 
Digital Ocean servers. Up to come: AWS, OVH, easier In-House tools....

Commit message:

Include beta users form link

_pages/services/services.md, after:

---
resource: true
categories: [Services]
title: TinkerWare Services
---

TinkerWare provides the tools to make software delivery more agile.

Technically, TinkerWare **automates the creation and management of standardized environments** 
to reduce the differences between them and make integrations smoother in
your Software projects. We provide a platform to manage projects and their 
servers configurations easily.

We make this with the following principles:

```
  1. The user should be able to define their own architecture
  2. You should know what you have and where you have it. Infrastructure as code.
  3. Build from scratch is faster and more secure than fixing. Disposable architecture
  4. Time matters. To scale should be painless, Learning curves as small as possible. [KISS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KISS_principle)
  5. Projects should be deployable anytime to anywhere in a working state.
```

With the **subscription** you will get:

  - Access to our **automated tools** ready to apply to any project/server:
    - Databases
    - CIs
    - Frameworks
    - Security
    - Github (Use your existing code in the infrastructure you will create)
    - ... and more...
      We want you to be happy and we can help with your needs. 
  - Access to a **dashboard** to manage these tools and: 
    - **Create and manage projects** with the provided tools: (If you connect your GitHub repository, you sould see it working in a infrastructure ready to use anywhere)
      - A **Development environment** configured and ready to download and use with our [CLI](https://asciinema.org/a/b02jff2p4eoxy4oqnj2wo6qnt). Currently we provide a virtual machine(recommended and supported. If you want containers locally or in production, talk to us).
      - Access to **the deployment room**. A section in our dashboard where, once you managed to see your project working locally, you can replicate it to Staging or Production to any server*.
  - Access to our **support channel** where we're going to help you in case of stuggle. We want to make things as easy as possible. 
  - The possibility to talk to us to automate any tool you don't see there
  - **Early adopters** will get more cool stuff and better pricing if you like us... Hurry up!
      
You can see our list of prices in our [landing page](tinkerware.io) or contact us to hello@tinkerware.io. We currently charge by month, with a free one month trial.

We're on a Closed Beta Phase. If you would like to be a Beta User follow [this request invite link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSchhpeugqAFifxxsq65LvLKYSG3oBmUT7V0v_eNM6c3toKcFA/viewform)


# Disclosure*

## Containers.

TinkerWare doesn't prentend to replace them. We want you to use them easily and faster!
We want you to be able define your own architecture, as well as 
be able to document it in a executable way, scale and replicate your projects easily to a server,
a container, or your own pc. 

## Hosting

TinkerWare won't provide any kind of hosting. 
We have some integrations, though. Currently you can deploy your projects automatically to 
Digital Ocean servers. Up to come: AWS, OVH, easier In-House tools....
